- The tools and techniques for web development change over time and I will personally try to keep up with these changes by following only articles and sources on the subject that have been made within a certain timeframe from when I'm reading it. Obviously, it isn't a good idea to use information from an article that was written in 2003 because that information won't be up to date with what web development is in the current year. To find what I'm looking for, I can always go though google in order to find articles, tutorials, and I an use filters in google to keep my search results within a specific timeframe. I would do my best to keep the sites I get my information less than four years old or updated four years ago at an absolute maximum.
- In the lectures and readings, the shortcomings of the float CSS property are that when the float is removed from normal flow, other elements will display beside that which can be fixed using other properties like clear. Also, there are much newer and better techniques for adjusting layouts like flexbox, so float is considered a "legacy technique." In other words, float is outdated.
- The result can change based on different flex directions and different model writing modes in flexbox because of the fact that different browsers render markup differently and also because flexbox itself is supposed to be language agnostic. Specifically, flex-wrap can be attributed to this because of the way that it causes elements to be contained within the body of the document. However, if the element has a fixed width or height, using a wrap could break your layout entirely, so that's something to be careful about. It also can work in concert with flex-direction and flex-flow.
