* In my opinion, the most important thing that we learned as a class in CSET is the Peanut Butter and Jelly analogy. The point of the lecture is that computers are *very* specific with the information you give them and **will** muddle in the event in which you forget a character while coding, or misspell something. In summary, *simple mistakes will turn an otherwise brilliantly written file into a catastrophe*, and this is what the Peanut Butter and Jelly analogy is there to symbolize. Although this was something that I have already known for years, I believe that the Peanut Butter and Jelly analogy is something very important for people who are newer to coding, software engineering, or other applications of computer based work. In class, I learned other important subjects such as how to count in Binary, and what Values, Numbers, Arithmetic, Special Numbers, Strings, Unary Operators, Boolean Values, Logical Operators, Empty Values and Automatic Type Conversion all contribute to the JavaScript coding language. All of these subjects are also important, but I believe the Peanut Butter and Jelly analogy is more important than the other subjects because it points out a general rule in coding beyond just one language.
* Abstraction, according to [the class lecture on Programming Concepts](https://ts-cset.github.io/cset-105/2020-fall/week-01/slides_programming-concepts.html#19) is 'hiding unnecessary details to focus on higher level ideas. The higher level a programming language is, the closer it is to our general understanding of normal human language. Specifically, the lowest level of programming language is Binary, while languages like C or JavaScript are on a higher level. Also according to the [lecture](https://ts-cset.github.io/cset-105/2020-fall/week-01/slides_programming-concepts.html#27), the levels of programming **in order of highest to lowest** are JavaScript, C, Assembly, Machine Code, and Hardware. 'Each higher level is translated, or compiled into a language below until the machine can use it.'
* JavaScript, being designed to be flexible with values and types, will often jump back and forth between them. Some pros and cons are:
+ It is a tried and true system that's been used in JS for years.
- This process can be complicated and confusing.
+ It makes using values and types much easier in code.
- This can cause JS to have errors if values and types jump back and forth too much between each other by consuming too much memory at once.
